(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
Dumon.
Yes,
Mizar.
Girag and Alito have made no
progress in collecting Numbers.
Their failures
mandate that I send you
to see that
we succeed.
Take these
with you.
Baria
Sphere Cubes.
These will allow you to
create a temporary Sphere Field.
We can take on Yuma Tsukumo
and retrieve the Numbers
using our own
devastating might.
I will not
fail you!
I activate a
Barian Sphere Field!
What's
going on?
This cannot
be good!
Who
are you?
My name
is Mizar.
Remember
me well,
for I am the last
duelist you will ever face!
(both)
Let's duel!
I equip Overlay
Chain onto Utopia!
And with it,
Utopia's Overlay Units
will be wrapped
up good and tight
so you can't
take them.
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon a monster
stronger than
a Cosmic Storm!
A behemoth with the ability
to bend time to do its will.
Come
forth!
Number
107!
Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
A Number
over 100?
(roars)
♪
♪ Still
together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't
stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we
ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip
up today ♪
♪ You just
wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the
final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us
fight together ♪
♪ Regret
it never ♪
♪ Our dreams
will be ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach
down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep
breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪♪
♪
(Yuma)
Number 107?
What's that about?
I thought there
were only 100 Numbers?
Correct.
My missing
memories were split
into only 100
Number Cards.
I am quite
confused...
Number 107
should not exist!
I hope Yuma and Astral
are okay inside that thing!
♪
Shark!
Rio!
What is
that thing?
(roar)
And now, my
dragon will attack.
And I think
your Number makes
the perfect
target!
Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon,
attack
Utopia!
I don't
think so, Mizar!
I use one Overlay Unit to
negate your monster's attack!
Go Light
Wing Shield!
Excellent, with
both Light Wing Shield
and Overlay
Chain protecting it,
Utopia is
well guarded.
A strong
tactic.
Thanks!
You think that's
going to keep you safe?
What do you
mean, Mizar?
You can't
attack me anymore!
I disagree!
My Galaxy-Eyes is
still not quite through.
I activate
its ability!
By using one
Overlay Unit,
Utopia loses all of
its special abilities!
Tachyon
Transmigration!
(roar)
♪
Look
at that!
♪
Ah! No way!
But wait,
there's more, Yuma!
When you activate
a card effect,
Tachyon Dragon gains
1,000 attack points!
And that means I have
a clear advantage now!
♪
(roar)
Yuma!
This does not bode
well for us, so listen.
We must double our efforts
to duel like never before
if we hope to stand
a chance of winning.
Oh, please!
Your efforts
will be in vain.
This duel is
already mine!
Because when I use
Tachyon Transmigration,
my monster
attacks again!
Go,
Tachyon Dragon!
Attack with Tachyon
Spiral of Destruction!
Brace
yourself, Yuma!
(crash)
(shouting)
♪
Yuma!
Oh, no!
Are you all right?
Are you
hurt badly?
(Mizar)
Yes! He is!
How
pathetic!
After just a
single attack,
he is
nearly broken!
But I'm not
done with him yet.
Not even
close!
Yes, yes,
that's the spirit!
Get up,
Yuma!
Get up so
I can relish
knocking you right back
down to the floor again!
And while
you're down there,
you can
think about how
you let your
Utopia slip away.
I'd love to jump in and sink
my teeth into this guy for Yuma!
Oh, dear.
Come now,
Yuma.
Don't deprive
me of my sport.
You see, beating humans
is such a rare treat!
Well, that's too
bad then, Mizar.
'Cause there's too much
on the line for me to lose!
Yuma...
I must...
go on...
That's
enough!
I'm stepping in to
duel in Yuma's place!
(Kite)
No! I am!
♪
This duel
is mine!
I'm taking
over now!
Get real!
You don't have what
it takes to beat him!
(Rio)
Reginald!
Don't!
The two
Galaxy-Eyes.
They are now calling
out to one another.
I sense the two
Dragons need to battle.
They wish
to duel.
The two
Dragons?
Ah, so you possess
a Galaxy-Eyes.
How
enticing.
(roaring)
♪
Master
Kite!
♪
Kite...
I...
Leave the
dueling to me.
I'll take care of
this Barian for you.
But...
but Kite...
Don't
worry.
You see... me and this guy
need to settle something.
How do
you mean?
Only one can master the
power of the Galaxy-Eyes!
And that honor
belongs to me.
I must
disagree!
For it is I
who is "the one"!
Your confidence is
greatly misplaced!
That's your
second mistake!
Bringing me here
was your first!
That was not me,
it was my Galaxy-Eyes.
It seeks to face
your Galaxy-Eyes.
I see,
so be it.
Then whichever of us wins
shall stand as "the one."
Agreed!
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
So my Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon's attack points
return
to normal.
No matter.
Human duelists like
you are easy to defeat!
Sorry to
disappoint.
But I don't plan
on losing this duel,
and I'll start by
crushing your Galaxy-Eyes!
♪
Here I go.
My turn.
I draw!
First I'm activating the
spell card Photon Trade!
By sending one Photon
monster to the graveyard,
I can draw
two cards!
Come out,
Photon Thrasher!
I can summon this monster
when there are no monsters
on my field!
Next, I'm calling
out Photon Crusher!
I tribute my Photon
Thrasher and Photon Crusher.
Here comes the monster more
savage than a supernova!
With the cataclysmic force of
ten black holes put together!
A cosmic scourge
that vaporizes
anything in
its path...
Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
♪
(rumbling)
Unreal.
What
was that?
It s-s-scrambled
all my circuits!
♪
Having two Galaxy-Eyes
poised to fight
is as rare
as it is risky.
This may have
explosive results!
That so?
Then let's kick
things off with a bang!
Go Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon,
attack Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
Now my Dragon's
special ability activates!
Both of our monsters
are banished...
Causing your monster
to lose its Overlay Unit!
After the
battle is over,
both of our Galaxy-Eyes
return to our fields!
Now...
My Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon
gains 500 attack points
for every Overlay Unit
that was sent
to the graveyard!
So while my Dragon
gets powered up,
yours takes a
turn for the worse.
And that's
gonna leave a mark!
Because without
overlay units,
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon
Dragon is all bark and no--
I know what
you're thinking,
but I'll show you it
has plenty of bite left.
This spell
will prove it!
Shudder as I activate
Instant Overlay!
This card becomes an Overlay
Unit for my Tachyon Dragon.
♪
And I'll put
it to good use!
I activate Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon
Dragon's special ability!
By using one
Overlay Unit,
your Photon Dragon loses
all its special abilities
and its attack points
return to normal.
Tachyon
Transmigration!
Traverse
time and space.
Now arise
anew...
Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
♪
Big deal!
You've just delayed
the inevitable!
I pity you if that's
the best you've got.
Aww, Kite, you're
missing the big picture.
I have the
advantage now, fool.
My Dragon's special ability
not only weakened your Dragon,
it also added 1,000 attack
points to my monster!
(Kite)
If I play Lumenize,
not only will it stop
his Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon's attack,
but my Galaxy-Eyes Photon
Dragon will gain attack points
equal to his
monster's attack points.
All right!
I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
This means
I draw!
And
activate this!
The spell card
Energy Attractor!
My Xyz Monster may
have no Overlay Units,
but it's no more than a
momentary inconvenience,
because this card and
your facedown card become
my Xyz Monster's
Overlay Units.
What?
Are you upset I took
your facedown card?
Hope you didn't need
it to make a comeback.
I activate the
spell Tachyon Drive!
Now your spells and traps
can't affect my Tachyon Dragon!
And that sets the stage
for my Tachyon Dragon
to destroy your
Photon Dragon!
(explosion)
You destroyed
my Dragon.
But I assure you of this,
Galaxy-Eyes will rise again
and next time it
is you who will fall.
Oh, I'm
not so sure!
I use one Overlay
Unit to activate my
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon
Dragon's special ability,
Tachyon
Transmigration!
♪
(roar)
Oh, man!
He's using that
same move again!
Things are bad and you'll
take no comfort in knowing
that they are only
going to get worse!
Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon
gains 1,000
attack points!
I think I've toyed
with you long enough.
You nearly made
for a worthy foe!
But the time
has come for me
to end your deranged
hopes of winning.
Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon,
attack him
directly!
(explosion)
No, Kite, no...
You have failed
your Galaxy-Eyes
for the last
time, Kite.
♪
What?
How can
this be?
Simple.
I used the special ability of
Photon Specter in my graveyard.
You relied too
much on your spell.
By banishing Photon
Specter from my graveyard,
I can summon a Photon
monster from my graveyard
by negating its
special abilities
and lowering its
attack points by 1,000.
But that's a small
price to pay to bring
Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon back!
And as a bonus, on the turn
my Dragon is summoned back,
it can't
be destroyed!
(roars)
In that case,
I end my turn.
So my Dragon's attack
points return to normal.
My turn!
I draw!
I'll activate the
spell card Monster Reborn!
It lets me summon Photon
Thrasher from my graveyard!
I'll follow that by
summoning Photon Circle!
♪
And last
but not least.
I activate the
spell Up Shift!
With this, my monsters'
Levels all become the same
as the one with
the highest Level!
That card gave you
three Level 8 monsters.
Bring
it on!
Consider it
"brought"!
I overlay Level
8 Galaxy-Eyes,
Photon
Thrasher
and Photon
Circle!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Prepare to witness the
mightiest of monsters!
With the power of this
beast, the battle is over!
Arise Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
(roar)
My Dragon's
taking you down!
Because you know what
happens when Neo Galaxy-Eyes
is summoned,
don't you?
Your Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon
loses all its
special abilities!
Go Photon
Howling!
(roar)
Well, that was
fairly impressive!
Now my Number can be
destroyed by any monster,
not just
another Number!
Now by using
one Overlay Unit,
your Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon
loses all of
its Overlay Units!
Furthermore, my Dragon
gains 500 attack points
for every Overlay Unit
that your monster lost!
(roar)
And now feel my
beast's full power!
Attack with Ultimate
Photon Stream of Destruction!
♪
(explosion)
(shouts)
I end
my turn.
Go ahead,
if you dare!
Oh, I dare.
I draw!
I activate the spell Monster
Reborn in order to summon back
Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
(roar)
Did you miss
my Dragon?
I'm sure
you didn't!
But it's the least
of your worries!
Witness my
true power!
Go Barian
Battlemorph!
(all gasp)
♪
(laughs)
(gasping)
So this is
your Barian form?
Nice
get up!
If you're trying
to impress me,
you've failed
miserably!
Do not
flatter yourself.
This form allows me to
harness my true Barian power!
I activate
Rank-Up-Magic,
Barian's
Force!
This card ranks
up my Xyz Monster
and summons a
Chaos Xyz Monster!
I overlay my Rank 8
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
♪
Barian power
born from chaos,
surge through my Number and
bestow it with great might!
Go Chaos
Xyz Evolution!
Face the multiverse
and ignite new life
into my
great beast!
Come forth
Chaos Number 107:
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
(roar)
This cannot be!
My Tachyon
Dragon...
It has harnessed
too much energy!
This may breach
the Sphere Field!
(rumbling)
I assure you this
duel is far from over.
My name
is Mizar!
Remember it well,
for it is I who will one day
be the master of
your Galaxy-Eyes!
Yuma!
♪
(Orbital 7)
Master Kite!
♪
(yelling)
(both shouting)